I'm a parent I have a six-year-old
daughter and I do not want to buy a
Nintendo switch it may be inevitable it
may be a matter of time there may be
tremendous pressure upon me and upon my
ex-wife to buy a Nintendo switch because
right now if you're a parent looking to
provide videogames to a child
PlayStation 4 from Sony is not an
appealing option Xbox or Microsoft is
not an appealing option there are very
few companies there were very few
platforms there are very few options
that are in any significant way catering
for a child the market that exists for
this experiment that Tommy Tallarico has
embarked on and starting up a new
company a new business venture the
Intellivision amico the market that
exists for it is not a nostalgia based
market it's the millions and millions of
parents who take one look at the
Nintendo switch and think 1 this
hardware is unreliable which it is to
the very nature and construction of this
system means that it can be too easily
broken by a five-year-old a 6 year old a
7 year old
okay my daughter broke a Nintendo 2ds
she was she was a little thing I forget
maybe she was 5 years old when that
happened she just stood up excitedly she
she wasn't that tall and the Nintendo
2ds fell on the floor that's all it took
okay a Nintendo 2ds is much much cheaper
and much much more rugged than a
Nintendo switch you know you're spending
a lot of money on hardware that could
move the screen can very easily be
scratched it can be dropped
it can be broken all right if you've
been paying attention since day one with
this hardware there have been problems
there were problems with heat
the fan and cracking on the housing
because of the the way the heat has to
escape from the system there have been
problems with the screen being scratched
by putting the system in and out of its
cradle to hook up to a TV and there have
been problems with the controllers dying
ceasing to work properly
now those reports are more and more
frequent there's talk about class-action
lawsuits that the controller's built
into the Nintendo switch they don't last
they're not reliable okay this is very
expensive very finicky unreliable
hardware if you're a fully grown adult
if you're a core gamer if you're a 35
year old man who wants to pay a
ridiculous premium to play exactly the
same indie games that are
available on Steam for a fraction of the
president some of these games they
failed on film all these different
websites to download to pay on play on a
PC you want to play Sonic mania but you
want to pay you like you want to pay
even more money to get the switch
version of Sonic minions hold any mana
these games if you were a fully grown
man who wants to pay more than 50 US
dollars to play a Mario game if you okay
you know what
I understand there's a market for that
the core gamer the middle-aged fully
grown loser who wants to act like a
child that's the target market for the
Nintendo switch system all right I have
complete contempt for all of you all of
you the whole market segment and you
know what there were three behemoths
of companies that right now attract a to
your needs Nintendo Sony and Microsoft
with the Xbox and if that's not enough
for you there's PC gaming do you know
why if you're a parent and you want
hardware that's rugged enough for a
child to play with and you want the
software to be cheap enough that you can
buy a game and the child might enjoy it
for just a few days
if there's nothing wrong with the
software even if it's a good game okay
shut there's children are children okay
you can you can buy a child a book and
the book is only interesting to the kid
for a few days goodbye I saw actually a
study on this that the plastic toys you
know a physical tangible toys on average
a child will completely lose interest
after six days it was serious look after
six days of play the child there's no
but you're still talking okay it is what
it is there is a huge market of parents
who want an alternative to the Nintendo
switch if this guy Tommy Tallarico can
provide it sorry cut your name with
Holly Tommy teller Eno if this guy with
the Intellivision brand name behind him
if he manages to put together a halfway
decent alternative for parents people
will line up to buy it and I know
because I'm one of them